Implementation TODO:

✓ - Update the database to use intent based model (question should have an intent attribute for sorting by intent/topic)
- Add the administrative web page.
- Bert question answering for IT related issues.
- Add the strategies for each intent
- Possibly remove the conversation state in favor of submitting feedback/reviews for a specific question and rejecting it if a review already exists.
- Remove Botonic as a dependency

Low Priority: Fix concurrency issues


Comments/Concerns/Quesitions:
	Maybe have ChatServiceImpl use the RatingService/FeedbackService/ChatService classes?
	
	The endpoints in general:
		What should their return types be changed to?
			/ask-question makes sense to return the database question so its questionid is known when
			the user reviews it. This prevents session cookies from being used which make sense since
			the system should forget about previous questions when it moves onto the next session. (IMO).
			
			/feedback should accept a question ID and then the backend compares the session ids.
			
			/review should accept a question ID and then backend compares the session ids. If we keep this.
	
	Cookies: What should be saved across system usage? Should the system remember the previous questions asked?
		Personally, I think it may annoy the user if they see their previous questions. For example, what if
		they ask an inappropriate question as a joke and then have to see it every time they visit the webpage.
		
	The administrative webpage:
	/average-ratings and similar endpoints: the model should have all questions/reviews/intents so 
		the chart of topic vs average ratings can be displayed. The calculation can be done client side
		to save time. Also, we can potentially cache computation results in the database if needed (so the
		entire list of questions does not need to be returned every time an endpoint is called). If caching is
		used, we need to be careful of concurrency issues, such as storing 150 stars for the 50 wifi reviews 
		(3 star average) but having two servers update this average at the same time.
		
		Ex. Server 1 and 2 receive a new question with wifi intent at time t=0
			Server 1 and 2 get the databases value for the wifi reviews 150 total stars
			Server 1 and 2 add the new review's stars to the 150 total stars to get 155 and 153 respectively.
			Server 1 updates the database's value to 155 but then Server 2 updates the value to 153. 
			
			The 5 star review was deleted. Maybe this can be fixed by executing everything in a single query?
			Ex. UPDATE topic.reviews, topic.stars to topic.reviews+1, topic.stars+5
			It needs to be atomic and consistent?
		
		
		We need a way of mapping repository entities, such as Question, Review, and Intent to a javascript object
		containing only the required information.
	
	Live updates: How do we do this? When a new question is added to the database the administrative users
		listening to the webpage need to be sent the new question's review and topic. The review of a existing
		question could also be updated and this result needs to change.
	
	